Add section about the Liquibase upgrade in the release notes (#1404)
keycloak/keycloak-documentation: upgrading/topics/keycloak/changes-17_0_0.adoc

* Features are now enabled/disabled with `--features` and `--features-disabled` replacing the previous approach that had an separate config key for each feature.
* Runtime configuration can no longer be passed to `kc.[sh|bat] build` and is no longer persisted in the build
* Logging level and format is now configured with `--log-level` and `--log-format`, while in the past these had to be configured using unsupported Quarkus properties.

= Client Policies Migration : client-scopes

If you used a policy including client-scopes condition and edited JSON document directly, you will need to change the "scope" field name in a JSON document to "scopes".

= Liquibase upgraded to version 4.6.2

Liquibase was updated from version 3.5.5 to 4.6.2, which includes, among other things, several bug fixes, and a new way of registering custom extensions

> via `ServiceLoader`.

Reviewer: Change "via" (which is Latin) to "using" (which is English).

> Migration from previous Keycloak versions to Keycloak 17.0.0 has been extensively tested with all the currently supported databases,

Reviewer: Remove "the" after "all"

* Features are now enabled/disabled with `--features` and `--features-disabled` replacing the previous approach that had an separate config key for each feature.
* Runtime configuration can no longer be passed to `kc.[sh|bat] build` and is no longer persisted in the build
* Logging level and format is now configured with `--log-level` and `--log-format`, while in the past these had to be configured using unsupported Quarkus properties.

= Client Policies Migration : client-scopes

If you used a policy including client-scopes condition and edited JSON document directly, you will need to change the "scope" field name in a JSON document to "scopes".

= Liquibase upgraded to version 4.6.2

> Liquibase was updated from version 3.5.5 to 4.6.2, which includes, among other things, several bug fixes, a new way of registering custom extensions
> via ServiceLoader, and CockroachDB support. The latter is specially important for the new storage's JPA implementation as we aim
> to have CockroachDB as one of the supported databases for the new storage.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Liquibase was updated from version 3.5.5 to 4.6.2, which includes, among other things, several bug fixes, and a new way of registering custom extensions
via `ServiceLoader`.
```

Migration from previous Keycloak versions to Keycloak 17 has been extensively tested with all the currently supported databases,

> but we would like to stress that *backing up existing databases is really important before attempting to migrate*. While we did our best
> to test all the implications of the Liquibase upgrade, it required a fairly big change throughout the code and it is possible
> that users run into unexpected issues when upgrading.

Reviewer 2: Suggestion:
```suggestion
but we would like to stress the importance of closely following Upgrading guide, specifically of *backing up existing database before upgrade*. While we did our best
to test the consequences of the Liquibase upgrade, some installations could be using specific setup unknown to us.
```
